Southern Pacific, more like sucking Penis.
Stop putting liquids in the pit!
This is BS.
Crock and Rail Torture.
I forgot how weird the crumbs at the bottom taste.
YES WE GET YOU WERE RA**D NOW SHUT IT.
mhmh aww but why.
Peachy senpai, put a networking cable in my ass.
Oh hey it's Nutttt.
Nutt is a better fuel than Reinforced Fuel.
uWu Everybady, Welcum to thuh South.
Hardcore Porn Factory: Pumping Industrial Nudes Since BR!
Ima write an erotic JCIR fanfic tmmr.
I swear the Steven X Connie it will happen and IM GONNA MAKE IT AND NOBODY IS GONNA STOP ME.
It's not gay if you are God.
Wrong hand running.
Your a Dumbaxe.
Villagers are just sentient emerald ore, it's fine.
Why are there so many GIANT FLAMING BONER WHEELS?
Don't you love it when you have a bunch of Angry Boners in a pit?
Oh no the Boner Caster teleported away!
I apparently have Danny Devito foot fetish.
gENital jOUSting on the NES!?
Peach is gonna go add that to his Wank Bank.
I don't recall being a bomb, I'd think I'd know if I was.
*dies of internal combustion*
o-oh, my bad im so terribly sorry..oh fuck.
a-ah shit im g-gonna bLOW!
Ugh I'm sleeping! Ugh I'm getting gangbanged! Ugh I'm dead!
psHAWWAWAWAAAASSHHH! Its like putting a Horseraddish in a Blender!
Oh my mouth tastes like a Bath and Body Works.
Alright, this should work, let's test it...I'm assuming it didn't work.
Ope, my address was there.
Peach, stop having anal intercourse with the spikes.
WhaT! I'm not doing incest with the bees!
A RECTANGLE IS A SQUARE!
No! don't sit on my CF7 book!
That's weird, it works in the Test Enviorment...
HELP ME! THE PIGMEN HAVE GUNS!
oOooO we'll give this one an H!
The cubes pissed on your face and you died!
I hate you but I like you no homo ARE YOU SHITTING ON ME!?
What are you sUcking gUAHH gUAHH!
Squidward, I require your Nutt for my Splattershot.
I will lick whipped cream off of your Fursuit.
The literal JCIR Server falls into a pit and dies.
Meowcat likes to show his hot buns with chocolate all over them.
Introducing Solar-Powered Communism!
Well dammit, I was gonna tell him about the Butt Ship!
God dammit Lionel.
JCRail likes trains.. and he likes the smell.
Ive been building dicks since the 6th grade.
Dude, I just got stabbed, Chill.
Okey, Thankies from Mcspankies. No prob Ron the Don.
My dad went outside with a can of propane and told me not to follow him!
They changed the cum robot!? You can't just change the cum robot!
wooAOOAAAAAAAAAHHH its upSIDEdoWWWNNN!
JC is bullying the sentient explosives!
42 Dollars for a Snow Cone??
I think I need a Scooby Doo tie-fighter now.
Don't make me feed you Opium!
I like sweet old ladies!
I'm a level 1 hoe!
*leans in real close* I got a fROZeN nUTsAcK!
Ive got to put my Gold Quality Eggplant away!
Ghosts shop at K-Mart!
That egg's been in my pocket for two weeks! That doesn't matter...
Preserve the Furry Hentai!
Smother you in my toe juices!
whERES thE qUoTE lISt!??
oOoOO that grill! f o a m.
gAaAah Fluidic Meat!
I guess that fluid meat penis is gonna stay there forever.
Who wants to help Sculpt my ass?
I will go get the aSS and I will smOTHer you with it!
Let me introduce you to Villager Milking Chamber Number 3!
You colonizing prick! Give me my slaves back!
Just because I colonized your children doesn't mean you can take me to court!
That ones got a Butt Steering Wheel! You don't see that everyday!
My banana has Crits! I wonder what this tastes like!
ThiCC bOx brOo can I mount it!?
Go bite me in the ass Tumblr!!
Bill Nye is the new Trans Guy!
Ah, so you had sex with the gas station pole?
Just to satisfy my fucking ego...
Im gonna fucking deck you.
Crash report saved to: #@!@#...
Do you want to IMPORT FERN?
Giant happy furnaces, now sponsored by the British Government.
British Empire vs one thicc boi.
That junction looks like a dick, cant unsee.
The ability to force people out of TC stock is one power many consider to be unnatural. . . sorry BigJ this is my peen caboodle.
We don't want to hear your vast intellect about dolphin pleasure times.
Then damn JC your kidney is some good fucking food.
MFW planters peanut angsty teen years.
Its not yiff if its trains.
Fuck I got my dick stuck in an assembler.
A prick sounds so much fun!
BigJ! I got a present for you! It's a load of Sewage!
Vertical boiler doesn't do blowjobs anymore.
Who is Mayeeta Bandit?
My pants...
Hariesh... Shut up for a sec.
Oops.
Overwatch should be Vacbanned.
The Chipotle. Its Back!
Can I get D.Va Bathwater?
In 1700 fucking whatever Rez did a thing. The End.
I don't think that is in the Anime.
Did you read the Manga?
Whoa! That's pretty spicy! I better put it in Foamzone.
Be free Thanos! Go to Mexico!
My Frames.
Who the hell says I have a pleasant facial structure!?
Its not Crocket Science.
It wobbles like Jelly!
Quadalicious.
My GameBoy meets Tier 4 Emissions Standards!
I should get these Niagara's before they're gone. Oh no, they're gone.
*Santa Noises*
What the Fridge!?
Hey everybody, Welcome back to Downtown Trains!
Im Rock Solid for Rock Island.
Corncob Couplers!
Get clapped on!
O Gauge or No Gauge!
Pizza Powered!
Man I'm such a thicc person.
Why are there Tier 4 Gevos at the North Pole?
Oh Fuck, the British Empire colonized the North Pole!
I don't wana get a whopper, I wana go home!
Groceries, Why do you have to be weird?!
The BBC robot started to rape me aH!
I can deal with the BBC! *2 seconds later* OH NO I CANT DEAL WITH THE BBC!
OH NO ITS ACTUALLY WORKING WTF?!
$2.69 for a Can of Flex Seal up my ass?!
Its already in the archives. Shut the Fuck Up.
Buy both. You Fucker!
Oh my God Orion's a Bus?!
Police issued AK-47
Why isn't it exploding? *Fucking dies in Explosion*
You've saved me! OH Nevermind!
I overdosed on Bathsalts and Plungers.
Oh Shit! Popeyes Chicken Sandwich is back!
You don't know how long I wanted to stab someone with a Kitchen Utensil.
*Deep Booming Voice* OH SHIT I DON'T HAVE POWERPOINT!
Oh look, a phot, I must consume!
O-Oh God... *Breaths* AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
That's a Basketball you Retard!
Crush the blacks! That's not racist, that's a color correction term!
Fucking vertical bitch is still in the floor!
ACKNOWLEDGE I LIKE COCK!
I just shot a beetle to death!
Somehow the conversation has shifted to "Cum Powered Time Machine"
hAh jokes on you! I have the bot muted! Oh shit maybe I don't.
Spaghetti-O-Frameo.
I also burnt dinner
It's called Wizard 101!
I'm too school for cool!
He's a swash-buckiling cock-suckling pirate!
He has his cock in the McChicken!
I like that name, Dildo.
IT FUCKING FURRY PORN!
INAPPROPRIATE CONTENT!
I prefer CBT.
Infusing Factory! *record scratching sounds*
Techman can you PLEASE stop taking a shIT?
Wait so your saying Meowcats your girlfriend now?
Oh no! ITS FASTER BALLSACK!
Stay hydrated, this is a threat. OOH! RUFFLES!
*Maniacal laughing and car acceleration sounds through a Phone Microphone*
I'm currently committing hate crimes against city speed limits!
I can count to the number six!
That's insulting to the Dodge Neon!
I haven't even begined and it's already spoiler!
That looks O-Gauge as hell.
Beep Boop it fucking broke.
It literally looks like it has a small penis!
Who humps cactus!? You!
nUtt 1066 is now playing heARts of bINg bOng 12
Hold on tight to your udders now!
oOOh i made a penis!
Minecrart!
woAh its GEVO but like nOT..
I was just going with the safe bet that your crazy.
You fucker, he has his cock in the McChicken.
What pronouns does your Diet Coke tank car use?!
Why aren't you dying? I'm in a wheel chair you cant kill me!
gAAAH the bed!
Motel 6 1/2!
I bought 25 strange red tape recorders!
It's like there's an up, and then there's a down!
YOUR NOT THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN HAVE BIRDS COME OUT OF THEIR ASS! HURRAAAGGHHH!
I threw my cum bottle and it immediately exploded! Shut up Siri you didn't need to know that!
Hey gUYs whats this fUnkY dark liquid? gEAHH!?!?
No todd howard! I don't want you to give me Giant Rat Balls!
I have sexy Lara Croft boxes!
I'm gonna steal the Governor of Michigan!
ehey wow my names not benis
Do you wanna stare at this post with me?
Obligatory Bababooey
My name is not Brain Blast Junior!
Banana you Hoe!
I'm breathing in, my testicles. Nerds.
COMEON BING!
Alright File Explorer! Come on! Come on! *starts breaking down*
Make is a semitone flatter
Rez put down an Anvil, I need to forge a meme.
Remember JC looks like Todd Howard.
Why does he have like 5 Thomas's?
waaAAAAthere goes the server!
Then I go LEEROOYYY and then I died!
NO! PINNAPPLE!
Do you want me to pull out then?
Peach why did you post porn in the bagelmemes channel?
WHO NEEDS A FANCY VR SYSTEM WHEN I HAVE A WIIMOTE STRAPPED TO MY FACE!?
ITS NOT GAY ITS FUN!
Whalecum to SDM's Botanical Garden of Bullshit
Spainus in the Anus!
DON'T CHECK #fart-channel FOR THE LOVE OF GAWWDDDD!!!!!!
awwee damnit I don't have a spoon YOU SUCK!
(in the background) GO GET ME A SPOON!
pp you ritard! aeowawowa!
Binky is confirmed Roblox cola!
Minecraft Steve snorted coke off Alex's ass!
OH NO IM OOOLLLDDDD!
I will fight you with a wooden sword in my backyard!
yEAh brO im phAT at tHe mIlkBaGs!
Electromotive's Dick!
What happened to Circuit City? It died. Wow.
Yeah bro I simp for Blomberg B's
Obama Ballsack Hand!?
Um, I'm riding Peter Griffin.
So you are a moaner, huh? One stroke and you scream?
The squish-squash sound!
Just starting rubbing until you can't.
The sounds he was making, like AAAA!!
Turbtable.
He's gonna nico nico my kneecaps!?
Why are you coomin all over my stairs?
My bathwater was illegally pirated from me.
jC I paint a doo it's pretty yeetsauce poggle doo!
awesome poggers yeetsauce.
Jeez gamer, I know you like E units but you dont gotta scream it.
uh UH theres a tree! Getaway tree!
The inside of it does NOT agree with that statement!
Hey guys, wanna buy my junk from my attic?
Look at us, were so good!
Smokey the Bear ain't got shit on me!
[JCRail: Given [Bababooey Water] * 64 to JCRail]
Laugh at the funny sex fish!
Therefore your a SIMP!
You need to double check the B Bida.
TAKE. MY. BANANA.
Well surprise Michael my fingers aren't on the ends of my hands, they're up my Ass!
That's the great thing about the Floor!
You guys didn't fucking made us!
Are you anti-british or something??
America's gone rouge!
It's a matter of stopping America from taking over the fucking world!
That's pretty cool Peach, You made Minecart reproduction!
I see one gay.. I see two gays!
B, 2!
I should make a BEVO lol
That plum was almost my downfall!
How do I make wood wheel?!
I made wood wheel!
rUbber bOOd!?
I think ive added the rubber bood! FUCK.
Damnit Thanos! What did i tell you about mounting me!
Do you simp for Don Ross?
I'm the only fish in the sea meant for you.
Oh, im in Orion's garage!
JC the bowling pins have gotten loose.
And now, is the time to empty my inventory in a random freight car!
That's sus as fuck.
BigJ stop putting your dick in the library!
Any% beat my meat speedrun.
Like the oo-BOAT not the i-BOAT.
I GOT KILLED BY GAY SEX!? And we lost.
Stupid discord you make me look bad!
Can I get an Autograph?
Welp, looks like its time for me to file divorce papers with the Quotes List
Don't be startled, it's just my meAT!
*Sneezes* Hi I'm from Ancient Greece!
*Meet the Sniper intro* Shittin's a good job mate
Getting real tired of GitKrackens BS
Unexpected Hungarian Dance No. 5 in G Minor by the London Philharmonic Orchestra!
Oh No!
aAaAA why do I have a 1957 by 1351 photo of fEET!?
*Loud Cracking* PREPARE TO DIE!
i want to sue messi cus his station froze my game
oh no i made the disembodied snowplow happy again!
#gooeygang!
#GUIgang!
you sound like HEEBO SKEEBO from PAC MAN AND THE GHOSTLY ADVENTURES
hehe lawyer noises
Pulls out a Gun Sure we Can!
howcome nobody wants to say which shit is yours??
OH MY GOD ITS CROPPED YIFF! AAAAGGGGHHHH!
im using the cum gravel just like you asked!\
dont you hate when you go to squidwards tiki land and all the tikis have cardiac arrest?
why you lookin at the gay frogs AGAIN jc??
nobody can penetrate me!
fIIIIne mOTHEr
egg. *shotgun noise*
why did you fill your inventory with meat impossible objects?
IDK I PUSHED A BUTTON AND THEY ALL APPEARED!
Cheese land!? From the GBA!?
weed moment
[Orion_8559: Given [Florb (Gelid Cryotheum)] * 1 to Orion_8559]
techman you fucking suck
says the guy with 6000 animals in his basement!
the M in ASMR stands for Messicrew!
hi i am the uk
Do I hear a FOAMER?!
That's cool Tom Hanks but no one fucking asked
“Prime boomer time” so like 10-3 on a Tuesday
new crispy pretzel chicken fries only at burger king!
my client was uhh, emotionally hurt!
GLaDOS: aah im milk!
i can see you through my ass!
emd designing the spooky passenger things!
ah ah ah too gay too stinky
Ow! Santa shot me!
you dont have a lot of bALLS
if you dont have at least 100 then im dissapointed!
JCs getting his Festive Spirit on!
oh its blinking cum, oops!
Baldi's Basic's in Christmas Lighting!
Big street, Big Sky, Big House! . . NotSoBig Truck!
uh oh, were going on JC's attic tour
fickin AT walker, almost tripped me up!
oh look an E-
Goodbye JC's Attic!
Im gonna drag his remains over here. . .
now you will see me scream violently and throw lights!
i couldnt hear anything but "anus" and "gevo"
im gonna grab my big ball of cum and start throwing it on the tree!
hand it over big boy!
how do you cut something gay?!
you ever seen Christmas with the Cranks?
Tim Allen was shot by JCRail
Ooh! Free Tim Allen eXP!
Rez come here im gonna vore you!
Do we have any feet in the modpack? no we dont darn
OMG Elvis pooped an emerald!
oh wait, shit, thats the Fart Channel!
just taaaake a glance! its innnnnn your pants!
im sphewkeh! im hareer!
*JC struggle noises*
darn i guess im wheezer!
darn i guess patricks a homosexual now
I found the JonTron Rape Whistle!
aAAaAa so rushed!
Aw damnit! *JCRail fell from a high place.* No wait!
I know making chicken fries at Sonic takes a lot of effort,
go mad with the horny power!
google search me and you'll get some rocks. and maybe my youtube channel.
What the Metra is going on here!?
ICE CREAM?
DO IT AGAIN, I WASN'T LOOKING!
cause that's the way things happen on the Wolf Fox Railroad!
Oh my god! He dropped 2 dollars!
oh look! he actually dropped his meat!
to the moon like vector!
too bad! you get hyper-compressed Wario Fart!
Rez do you have the power of Arm-GOD DAMNIT
Damnit JC!
Out of the Pickle and into the Jar!
Its like assembling a sandwich, made out of stairs...
AaAaA theres a face on this!? what the fuck?!
canada!? since when!?
this is uh, super mario, and uh he has this little asshole here, uh
oh no its a zombie im gonna step on you! FAUCK YEWWW!
were gonna unbox Goku!
cool cutout with the pink aaiweighuh, yellow cumshot!
their like: oh were fast *fshweewwwwssshhhhh!*
the blue cumshot just came out, hangon!
I hate this Anime Packaging!!
i dont know why theres so much blue cum in here....
i dont know if this is water or liquid blue shit
hes taking a torrental piss at someone
now hes on a blue piss boat!?
the ovular piss piece or the umbrella piss shape?
i guess these are like the piss motors?
this my piss fighter, see the little pis guns on the side go pew pew
goku got like, little nipples on his hands
piss Goku cant hold it...?
This is some really heavy ass piss hes holding
Jeezus Goku!
Hey Goku, thats a nice piss boat you got there! Thanks Mario!
you see mario and goku riding in the piss boat!
its JCBot tWO aCktuALLi!
*robotic voice* Heeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyyyyyy nowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
your ugly! hey, thats not very nice!
mama-fuckyou!
i got your money!
o h  n o  m y  w e a l t h!
*robotic jc struggling noises*
*robotic vulgarites*
hes like OHMYGAWD then he does a backflip and dies!
damnit i gotta add a crafting recipe for hariesh
you ate a bus? YOU ATE ORION!?
oh no! noppes has script engines avalible!
It adds over 90 new blocks and items! I counted!
I Gotta power up my GENSETS! OH YEAH!
you know what really grinds my gears? becoming a manual transmission!
I took a shit and progress was made!
i wanna P! go take a piss then! but thats expensive!
this is not a professional dick
bEHolD! mY nOSE!
eeeeeuuuuugggghhhhhhhhhh it looks like a clown exploded in here!
Interior crocodile alligator, I have a Santa Fe A frame container!
what do you mean i cant shower my balls in mcdonalds ice cream machine!?
moaning is just a seductive way of complaining
the american association of bean-touching
G for Guilford Transportation!
B for Fast!
no hablas diet dr pepper
I'm the Lorax, I speak for the railroads. And the railroads say go 90 miles per hour
ill do a passenger train of freight
I may not be perfect but my nails are
the Tri-Force of shading issues
yum, dimes!
Ghosts don't go to Kmart. They shop at Macy's!
i use fucking shut the fuck up!
im square! im racist! no wait!
yeah bro i shit my pants when i mix colors together
Aloha Snackbar!
i can selectively hear and selectively give a shit
I read Forbes Magazine Mr. Squidward. I know what I am talking about.
Cheese Nutz
I GAVE MYSELF INFINITE COCONUT MILK
But Mr. Krabs! Im just... Squidward.
mmm. water. oooh, legs, not happy!
man i know you love (ctf_)Turbine but calling it good? thats a little much
smear it around like small child fingerprints on a glass wall window
ATV 2!? OH MY GOD WHERES ATV 1!?
hey look holy shit im dead
hey im gonna hit a girl! wow sounds fun lemme try!
chair needs to go bye bye for a second
HAVE YOU SEEN AMPHIBIAN COCK
why did you jerk off a frog in science class?
wOw, incrEDIble! im gonna shIT my pANTs!
alright jc i busted an arboreal nut all over your hill
femboy thighhigh penis building!
traincraft is not a mod
summon a TORPEDO OUT OF MY ASS and launch it into the enemy!
THE SQUIDS CAN TURN INTO FURRIES?!?!
bananas are grown . . . on a . . . vine.
your bullshit! actually no im bullshit!
he'll spend all the server money on video games! or mental hospital pornography.
Roses are Red; Harambe was Shot; I'm Rick Harrison and this is my Pawnshop!
take a bite out of this ass, realize how it tastes like trash! bleugh
GUYS! BIGJ TIDDIES!? NO FUCKIN WAY!
oh man i only have 2 more hours of 9/11 left what am i gonna do? thats tragic..
hehehehe thoes look like testicles hehehehe scrotum cargo
me when i get high on transit bus
does rez have a repository of Asian people on his phone?
iTs SpeCtRum! ItS oKaY!1!!!111!
i hate you guys
SQUIDWARD FOR THE 3DS
why do i have 57 copies of mario power tennis
the peenis poonis memorial mental hospitable obviously!
cubed can i commission you to build my grave
curse you wario! curse you and your lack of ram!
bro i would play terence sits on my face simulator
Worst. Use of Taxpayer Dollars. Ever.
thinking about asexually reproducing? have you considered canada?
Canadians go through mitosis
Hurricane Omar was blown up by JCRail
dont you dare kill hurricane omar!
WHY IS THE SHEEP CALLED PTC EQUIPPED!?
PTC Equipped was slain by JCRail
i didnt realise which penis you were looking at
I'm gonna ping a certain person @Gamer Rez - NYC | B&A
the only anime playermodel i approve of is Yandre Dev
hehe i have jesus inside of me!
i hate when hurricane arbys doesnt have the meats and throws a huge fit and destroyes Houston
thier like flinstone tires, yabba dabba OH FUCK
Yes I don't!
jc sent me a shit this is glorious
*struggle noises* fortnite!
get in line, were all depressed
haram hussein
that should be under gifts! gift to me!
BNSF THIGH HIGHS!?
of course i live in sweeden! gluten tag!
SO WHERE THE BATHROOM!?
big stripe just doesnt sound good
every wall has a locomotive
he FUF'ed my piiip now im gonna sOOs your mOM!
a based man living in a cringe world! thats what you are.
the probability of being crushed by an amshack is low, but never zero...
thats such a negative thought there jc, we need to fill your balls with positivity!
i wish stone was spelled with an e
can you give me seafloor advice?
i'd hug it out for some baked beans!
You don't want Bida's shapeboxes to destroy my beautiful face don't you?
[JCRail: Given [Deluxe Cheeseburger] * inifnity to JCRail]
Penn Central joined the game.
my inventory is full of joe biden!
quickly give me more political terms! uh uh, iraq!
thats austin powers not larry the lobster!
thats not mermaid man thats colonial sanders!
The Dog Bowl has Color Noise!
texas
I hate having my face eaten off by the Penis Snake!
JCRAIL ALREADY EXISTS!?!??!
go eat a cock!
Ugg my weakness, respect!
oh my god this child has a lot of health!
stop murdering the mexican immigrants!
thats not sadipshit my asshole thats bin ladin!
penn central gay pride!
i instantly knew who you were talking about when you said he masturbated in public and lived in a barrel!
i will rub you with costco pizza and you will like it!
cant have brain damage if you dont have a brain!
jcir when T
i tint my car like i tint my women
binky, jc, and the honse
rip jc, he turned off shaders in spawn
JC stop having sex with the bogies
who can drink my body fluids the most?
look mommy! i *fucked.*
bring forth the holy railroad grenade!
interior crocodile alligator, i got shot in a movie-theator!
one of the foxes is getting vored by the diarrhea oval
i didnt know danny devito is a communist
Stick to the streetcars, stay safe.
whaaaaat? i fixed it???? what did i do to fix it????
i dont need moms official weight in tons
the cock and ball masterbaiter-inator!
i like how were contemplating the pause and delay for jesus cum
me, the couch, at home, lets do it!
oh my god the cock and ball masturbator is pouring the cum out!
fuck me! oh wait
im based. yeah no shit!
that is a lot of porn, i opened the wrong folder
actually im just gonna delete harieshs ass
damnit with a capital fuck!
hang on, i gotta unzip my pants!
Slip your Tounge into Mud Valley!
dont fuck with the spider!
thanos penis! it was only a matter of time.
i found a lake that looks like stubby saddam hussein
elon musk is now doing martian research on your nuts
Whoa! I bought a lotta Watermelon!
woah its the obamacare hospital! i like it!
Ima testbuild a Whataburger!
how do we convert Orions a Bus to binary?
XP Juice Registration
ok so Thanos now has the oreDictionary tag of oreVietnam
half this pantry is missing
your not even furry your like a diet, bootleg, shoe on a grill
no why must you whip it noooo!
Everyone says Super Chief this and Super Chief that, the Super Chief my ass!
i got your 4 basic model types! SMP, SMP, SMP, and SMP.
who did you bang and why did you do it
He died in Saint Penisburg.
Who needs dildos when you have phone handsets?
What happens when it starts ringing up there?
And God said. BOOM! Let their be light on Aisle 33!
whats the carfax for the batmobile?
i have the mustard video on speed-dial!
im in the diinnninggg haaalllllll
moisturized? more like pasteurized
IM GONNA INVITE THE ENTIRE POPULATION OF MEXICO POSSIBLY CHINA
ow! you shot the body of christ!
When the Imposter is Lobster
youve committed the most grievous sin of mr krabs blowjob
do not mine inside the wafflehouse
someone fiddle diddled the minecarts!
meowmix meowmix product placement
im the doctor of rotating costco by 90 degrees on the Z axis!
Cubed64 was rolled over by a train!
i dont bite, i stab!
who else would go into hitlers anus? your mum!
jesus in my peenus!
i think the helicopter went awa-NOOO IT DIDNT
I just killed Shaquille Oatmeal. LETS GO!
apparently your penis was worth 20$
unexpected dick-butt syndrome!
cum. AAAAAAHHHHHhhhh!!!
a
SPEEDRUN SPEEDRUN SPEEDRUN
i need to make a new BP4
this isnt eurobeat this is latin america beat!?
Congrats on your engagement, Syrup and Cactus!
. . . and they said I couldn't marry Cactus Wife!
Tonnage Rules!
do not have sex with the TOOBES
you pissed off the leaky volcano!
it has a nipple. look what youve done.
direction is based
reeeehhhcessss icecreeeamm~!
be a good sport and *dies* fucK!
your just mad because someone deviously licked your balls
Hey Bida, when you have a chance can you send me my blank cock?
woah woah woah, girlbossing a little close to the sun arent we?
you missed! *nuke goes off* oW
THAT SOUNDS LIKE A METAPHOR FOR SECKS!!!!!1111!!1!!1
hah cubed is attacking cubed! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
CUBED SPLIT INTO TWO!?
i have something called a skill issue and a low clearance face
we need to make an actual fart channel!
i did hear anything except tape my mom to the ceiling and getting taken away by the police!?
he likes to stick his wee wee into the thomas
woooaahhh thats a big cock!
thats not mi casa! thats rez's casa?
well thats going in quotes
im gonna bury tom hanks in your liver again!
im gonna make a nice *cracks nuckles* meat patty
NO! GO BACK! I DON'T WANNA BE CLEAR ANYMORE!
*meticulous chortling from the voice chat*
im HARD! IM UNHARD! EEE EEE EEE EEE! NO! MORE! FUcK! *dies.* i hate myself!
I REALIZED EVERYONE DIED!
HOW DO I ENABLE BEVER REPRODUCTION!?
aAAaa Horny! aAAAA SDM!?
how do i join you guyses garrys mods worlds!?
i made it with rotations like all good boys!
Time to dumb.
rattlecan just shit all over the New York Central
im gonna yell0ow! what? im PISTINGGGg!
Dungeons and Dragons? More like Dummies and Dipshits!
FUCK GONDALS ALL MY HOMIES HATE GONDALS
singular person Eblast!
WHYD YOU SEND ME CLIP ART OF A CLAM!?
im from texas im gonna say the n word *proceeds to derail*
surprise your now baroness go commit touch metra thing
its quanza? no.
i wana eat Salena Gomez
i dont need any of this bullshit! OH GOD YES I DID
fuck it! make poo!
right, lets see if eating poo gives you nausea!
*joins call* your supreme leader has arrived! you're fired.
wow holy shit, people in india are powerful!
Most gay people are stupid, you know like Tumber!
skill issue
I haven't huffed glue in months!
shes not wearing any clothes underneath her clothes like bruhhh
its pokemon, but with guns and child labor!
bida ive got covid *falls off a building and dies*
THEY DDOSED AN ENTIRE COUNTRY SO THEY COULDNT COMPETE IN MINECRAFT SQUID GAMES!?!?!?!??!?!
ah, domestic abuse!
SAUCE!
WHERED MY COCK GO? WHERES MY COCK!?
stop egging me!
whats the movie that has the yellow brick road!?
THIS TUGBOAT HAS INFLATEABLE TESTICLES!
born to linux forced to windows
whats alladin for snow?
I WANT THE TACO BELL INCINDIARY SYSTEM
my children are not suicide bombers!?
oh my goodness! tactical HOE!
oh noooo the rat that sniffed landmines in cambodia died!
fifty metree bulge~
Ah yes, nothing is funnier than tax fraud
horses have mandables!
awww why did peter griffen not embed!
im trying to get gamer balls but im stuck on trans balls
:3
Administrative soup?!
UwU
im so glad i waited to drink my milk
fuck me hard jello aaaahhnn~
lets go @ Chinese
we're fighting over who gets to eat the blood!
coffee? thats a food?
why are you doing my job? everyones supposed to hate *me* not you!
cry about it. i will! *crying noises*
what the fuck *jar of pencils falls over*
DID YOU JUST PLAY THE BALLS THEME
AW dude i missed the bulge hold on!
greivous got ammo racked
cheese cheese chesse, chesse cures all. swiss doesnt!
gosh dangit i hate society
theres like seams of child labor
you have my express permission to die
aah foreskins too lound foreskins too loud! *vibe boom sound effect x3*
Clint eastwood is my fursona~
hehaw, nipples! *chat all chuckles quietly*
bernie sanders best waifu
mike pence conversion therapy!
Trust me, I'm gay.  I'm the expert.
If you're cold, they're cold. Put them in your ASS!
i also have something else you might enjoy *extreme extended fart reverb*
you just uh                                               ;)
um ackschually its a romboid
yes! football! homerun!
*cries in japanese*
OH MY GOD! WATER!
quirky and original chinease bing bong ladee
im not a tank im playground equpiment!
stupid fuckin trash cans! no, i wasnt referencing my teammates!
UwU *strategic launch detected*
shawties like *vomits intestines*
my username may be "im straight" but i assure you im not
im almost there! i found ducks!
here have another meme! GAWD NO WHYYY
i read every single hunt and snare review, is that an achievement, or a curse?
I was doing my geometry teacher!
helicopter helicopoOOOHH *explosion*
yes, murder the kids, good!
we need an R & D room, so that i can figure out if SDM fits into a bucket!
the thing! that moves! with the feet! yaaas!
my farts rent an air bnb
you have the tactile efficiency of a pear
i must fax my shit to the nearest whorehouse
i can smell your influence
a couple of crayons short of a delicious snack!
betty ballsacks every flavor boners!?
Hey guys it isn't incest if you say no chromo at the end
im not a dingus im an advanced level dumbass
get outta here squid im making concrete!
i don't speak fortune cookie wong tong ding dong!
you just got shot by gucci pants skeleton, and i hope your proud
im not *stealing* your melons im *humping* them big difference!
wheat thins? more like rice oblongs!
wingus has a horde of gays coming out of him
Belt rebellion? thats every single middle aged dad!
do you think it will ever be the year 2001? nah
you cannont run, you cannot hide, lightning goes in CAVES!
What is this giant pink structure? Y O U R   M O M
I G O T   A L O T   O F   C R A B S   I N   M Y   B O X   C A R   R I G H T   N O W
actually, its L O B S T E R!
L E E   T H E   B U I L D E R   R E G I S T E R E D   A S   M Y   B A L L S   A R E   I T C H Y
Bold of you to assume i took a shit!
nOOOOOOO no i threw eggonetta whyyyyy
Thats insane! IM INSANE! i speant an entire day in a room with bagels!
alright, im gonna partake in drugs, lets see what this does!
NO WAY the dishwasher actually does something!?
OH MY GOSH! can i rename my brewing stand to my GRUING STAND!?
i am a dwerf and were impregnating your mother!
im disguised as crippling depression
when her ass is a solid 10 but so is her age
the cum stain has risen into a mountain!
Bida> Pretty Weebish not gonna lie. TDV122002 was blown up by R3F4
i wana be a pretty princess with a pulse rifle!
I CANT READ THIS? WHAT IS THIS GREEK ROMAN PASTA SAUCE?!
a little midget got tourtured by a rainbow thing
Dude Satan and Wario could rub elbows!
Inside the caves it was very cave like
the first natural gas powered planet is the JCIr power coal plant thats now the oIL PLant
Hold your face parts, i got a whole bunch of shit to deploy!
Whoops this random limb fell into my soup!
hAh i ate you ozone layer! scrub!
its not rosetta stone, its regrettastone!
the cell stormed on over to the outpost like a badger in a bus full of pickles, and shrek'ed everything all up
It's because people are soggy and gross!
i found out what my knob does! i was so bored and so i found it out!
Dead people should be put to death!
I'm not a Boomer I'm George Washington fuck you
you made an expensive way to move dirt 5 blocks. EPIC!
purple means expensive!
nOOOooo he added MORE to the shopping list of eternal demiseeeee!
how do i not make it pp bright? pp dark
guys i have a huge ass kinder suprise egg and im gonna shove it up my ass
i am Sans from Darude Sandstorm
Thanos Grape brings all the E-Girls with him
YOU COME OUT OF YOUR LITLE SPACE HOLES AND SHOW YOURSELF! I WILL GRIND YOU!
damnit that fish is staring at me!
Bida,  ʸᵒᵘ ᵇᶦᵍ ᵍᵃʸ
Don’t put any metal through the metal detector, probably cause it’s a metal.. detector.
AWW YEAH! CUM IN MY ASS GNOME DADDY!
Hehe am fur magnet owo
Oh come on mom, I've watched enough Food Network to know what a turnip is!
bida why are you lying there so seductivly? IM DEAD!
Here let's have fun forging a fake W2!
i sexually identify as a speed module
grapefruits taste like oranges with DLC content
Thank you thank you, Fuck you
super conductO, yes its great!
i like the thought of a train passing by and it honks its horn and all the nearby sedans flee
i want technic creator castrated
It's a song, but not a good song. Then why are you singing it? Because fuck you that's why!
If I'm gonna bully someone, I'm gonna bully everyone. We're an all inclusive club here!
I don't know who made that pepperoni, but I tell ya they are on my hitlist
Everytime I burp it's another shock wave of death
Who puts a goddamn halepeno in their bagel WHAT THE FUCK
I'm not racist I'm just Socially Inclined!
Horses don't break down, they die!
i found a good mey mey and im gonna put it in bagle!
I didn't do heroin because i knew about it, i did heroin because i didn't know about it!
hes been brewing a big one in his ass for 2 weeks
i will stay, because im a living airpod and im invincible
Whatcha gonna do? I'm gonna shit in your couch that's what!
Cuntuluntus!
antifreeze cooled pizza!
ohgod dont go to penis dot com! penis.com is for sale! for 2.5 MILLION DOLLARS?!
tow mater does not have back bulges therefore i think hes a D7
op, sounds like the fire alarm. aEAEEeaEasdreaEDdeaDEaaceaAD
TOSTADA MOY GRANDE!
why the fuck you takin all teh goldfish fuckerrr!
MONKEEEEYYYYYYY! oh i got him MINNEEIIIFFFEEELLLLDDDDDD!!!1
the control pannel on the F unit has robot herpies look at it!
so TLDR penius music song made me find music i didnt know i liked like plump fox nuts!
Hah jokes on you dad sometimes I help my neighbor!
Mmmm deer, Bambi is delicious!
Speak up about bullying, but not too much
Why do ghosts need ropes? They could just uUuUUuUuuuU on over!
Yo thanks for the back snacks
I GUESS ITS UP TO ME NOW *gets stuck in a junkrat trap and dies instantly*
oh my god, they added achievements to Genital Jousting?
I look over and your face deep in the yoplait over there and I'm like holy shit!
Holy shit you downed that stuff man I didn't even see you take a spoonful!
Are you drinking quazee Moto Moto? Yeah why does he taste so good?
I give mice feet massages for a living
OH MY GOD YOU BROKE ME WEED
If my uncle was wario if let him fuck me all day!
Goddamn, I am the splash zone
A nat 20 mayo!
i still hear you fucking reignhardt when you fireballed my penis! CATCHPHRASE!
arabian tosstiitooooO! like american cHIPPP!
i put powered rail like a CHAD
YOU were at the can orgy!?
Today is just one of those days when your covered in drywall and you can't feel your thumbs.
I'll trade a baby for some ketamine! It's a fair deal in my eyes!
Where'd you get a baby from? Dude I have no idea!
You gotta admit that was funny! NO!
Ooh Ahh Ooh Uji Uji!
mUuUuuUCC!
Why is the mUc mAn going for my Appendix Energy!?
wOw! This beAN grew a peRsON!
according to the census department, im a smaller minority than poor people
oh my god there so many nuts in this water!
I don't know how much homoeroticism you can put into the creation of a grilled cheese, but i think this is getting close to the limit
When you just casually feed boisenberry pie to the god of death this post made by the granny gang
you should draw the dirty bubbles fursona!
hAHeA yes we shall survive the nuclear hollocaust with nothing but bacon bits!
... your brewing a brown one in your ass...
how long does it take to delete 11 gigabytes of karaoke!
flipside reccords! The floor is missing!
anyone want to eat a planters™️ testicle?
if you ask me helicopters are like sky wheelchairs, only the disabled use em
if you compliment my texas sized ass i will personally succeed from the union
Eyeball cloak room! theyre so happy!
bloody hell, the tube sock molested me
penis university, extending your education!
it looks like he's off to molest the salsa
big, l o n g, and CAPITALIZED!
the crusty old man dimension kinda sucks not gonna lie
Your the one daydreaming about me peeing on the carpet!
what the heck the ghosts of gumdrops past just like eradicated me!
Halowo Master Sheath Collection
im not surprised bruh moment 69 is already taken
wait the covid19 server is a roleplay server? no!no! NO!
would you suck off mr. peanut? HES DEAD! that would be necrophilia
hey google, walgreens canabalism
you have airbags in your ASS? gotta make it flat and sad
no i dont want a milky anvil fuck off! maybe you should stop fucking with my milk anvil! *gunshots*
anakinTHERES A SENTREEEEEEE
you illegally tresspassed on your own property
peach is gonna go add that to his Wank Bank!
oh my god there are 8 boner wheels going in all directions!
what does sus mean? solid unbleached sulfate. you serious? yep.
fUcc you nature i need a bridge!
uGH im sleeping! uGH im getting gangbanged! uGH im dead!
gOSh dANgIt bOBBeH i knEw wE shOUlD doNE cARRyoNN!
dont worry! we are signed IN! to Wikipedia!
MM yEAH bUSt oUT tHE fiNGERS!
i want ooblar toast dubstep!
I know karate and I will send your testicals to Mars if you do that again
We're building a genocide factory here and I love it!
*in the distance* make the dominant cat submissive!
damn tornado stole my legs- cant have shit in detroit
i dont get it, whatever gets Thanos to work isnt in Thanos.Java!
evil sinful fucking twat of a shitstain on the chick fil a rug behind the playcenter! gah!
gAAAH! the mystery meat is grooving!
he gots the lOOps he eat da Cereal!
mY liPS ArE oN ThE cEilInG! nOw I CaN mAkE oUt WiTh The TilES!
if Wario can be a drug, then he can be a butt plug too
we have bootleg china. we have non bootleg china. we have bringing out the nice china.
NOBOTECH IS THAT THE TOOTHPASTE ONE!?
i'm gonna kick you in the ro nuts!
you fool, squish is just crunch in chineese!
what pronouns does your diet coke tank car use?!
no todd howard! i dont want you to give me giant rat balls!
BITE THE FUCKING BUBBLE!?!?
gay master cheif be like: sir, im finishing this cOCk hAH
oh no help im becoming a 4th world country!
OH GOD THERES WARRIOR CATS FANFICTION IN HERE TOO!?!?!?
you fool! groom him you comb!
hey, im the stereotypical alien from the 70s! im here to probe your dick!
why is the Roblox chat filter like the most advanced AI society has ever created?
he took me by surprise even though i could see him the whole time!
oh, *oh,* the sex has evolved!
Out of all the cows to be left it had to be lesbian!
Permian basin super penis
oh my god! we discovered canada!
interurban? i barely know ur!
i hope thats not cum
oh no japan got bigger. OH NO JAPAN GOT REALLLY BIG
oOOOh the rock got bigger! oOOhg aniother rocc!
Where's the corn? Where's the grain? Where's the tornadoes?!
SDM is irrelevant because he is dead
lets hop in the Aztec and start fucking in the back!
did you like even see the smurfs movie brOoO!?
People from Ohio don't sound British? They sound Retarted!
It can barely go speed
fuck you i am the mommy milker
arie, i have significantly more titties than you do!
i HOPE you have more than 1 shirt!?
im not blowing my egg sandwich
hariehs' head is not a valid light source
the thrid world country of indo- peeno- wacklioo
i want T Series Sausageeeee
adolf "hit the quan" hitler
what does war in ukraine have to do with bigj's cum!?
im gOOfi an Im gAy! huA huA thAts nOt AllowEd! aW gEE micKy whY aRe you so Anti LGbarBeQueE?
If I could choose my kids. It certainly wouldn't be a KitchenAid.
eeewwww hariesh juiceee
he is very old he has a big nose!
your british!?!? wait a minute, so am i!
i dont think its very polite to suck people off in public
MPOTHERFUCKING TIDDY FOX
hariesh are you a radical islamic terrorist? no im a communist!
peppa pig fornite lets gooooooo
Why is there so much WEED CAT?!
nOOOO MY BEEEES!!
aight cool spawns full of bees, dont go to spawn
why did you fill spawn with BEEEEEESS!?!?
is gay allowed in the nyc crossroads station?
here comes shawty-clause!
Wheeze. I GOT WHEEZER NO!
i dont need mr krabs sensual moans
in case you youn-uns didnt know, peach wears socks!
oh my god squidwards right next to a hoe! what hte fuck squidward i thought you had a wife!
oh my god, its a racially balanced community of sheep!
do yOU hAve aNEEE iDEAaa hoWE mANi pEEoplEEE
yeah cus your not cool, even the weed knows your not cool!
dANVILLE!?!? phINEas and fERB reAL!?!? hur hur hurhur hur *more fnaf noises*
i just got cocked blocked by antiques navigator
thats on PINTREST!?!? DAAAMMNIT
hey i'll be right back, practice your comedy routine while i'm gone.
seinfeld theme seinfeld theme seinfeld theme seinfeld theme
Lemme put out a Sentry Buster... OH WAIT A SECOND!
shit it out or get it out!
i dont feel so good aaaaaaaaahhhhh *carl shits himself at dennys at 3 am*
i blame cubert doobert, you made me say chilli cheese dog!
theres gold in they/them hills!
they sky is gaining more color than the average edgy 14 year old's deviantart!
I JUST NEED TO. . . NOT . . . FUCK!
heavy cum is broken! awww!
what a wonderful day to check the model description! what the fuck
what the fuck
im a slut
breaking news: scooby doo snorts all the antifreeze and fucking dies
it goes through Gypsum! that gives me an excuse to eat all the drywall!
We're here in familiar settings here in the Traincraft Discord. But guess who's fucking coming it's the motherfucking 1.12 motherfuckers!
mister squidward! **what the fuck.**
i don't want to be sitting down with the boys to watch the game. only to see your big massive cock being broadcasted instead!
you are GORL you do CHILD DELIVERY
ugh, if only there was someone who would buy this perfectly in the way boulder from me!
A red-light district or pleasure district is a part of an urban area where a concentration of prostitution and sex-oriented businesses, such as blah blah blaahh ok so New Orleans got it
oh my god a HOE *gunshots*
do not make your cock cannon to the minecraft unvierse! *oh wait it already is*
thats like quirk overload!
thats what i did for literally all my balls
it feels good to give uncertified advice
remember mr krabs, if you dont shop at sam's club your a fucking looser
mr. squidward. i should litterally kick your fucking ass!
we'll leave it at spongebobs a redditor
your really into the squidward rp arent you
holy balls its SDM
there once was a town that worked so hard, there was just not time for PINGAS
i hope its alright that my bitch and my nuts are just hanging out
Shit I need to                                    What?
mr krabs you vented in electrical!?!?!?!? nyeyehehehehehe
i dont know what i played but its got amongus language!
I am deporting the Latinos to Mars!
WIIIIIIIIIIIIIDEEEE PITTTAHHHHHHH daw my message is too long
hariesh is black!?!??!
im too cute to be cancelled
modern solutions require modern problems!
OHMAGAWD FLESHY PENIS
That wouldn't be hip and cool. Owning an Atari would be hip and cool
help! HELP! I HAD TO LOOK AT LORD FARQUAADS PENIS!
There is always an E. And I don't know why
oh wait its beer
oh wow authentic prr noise!
solid liquid gas, donner pass comes out my ass!
cumming in amfleets is NOT worthy of spider man pizza!
pizza isd not a pastry
your foaming the penn central arent you squidward
thats not a sandwich, thats your middle finger!
ah yes, the SEX UPDATE for Unrailed!
the zombie is gonna kill a buddy of mine!
why is the thanos pubic hair hurting all the foxes
im genociding the double tall fern population
ORION IS A BOMB?!
one a new jerseyan, always a new jerseysan
Cream is not a Color of Lightbulb
no mutt, thats 1984!
LOOK! HE IS BURNING UP INTO GLUE!
Cave Johnson's fursona is a Lemon Shark
Making a Dan Cortopassi video takes a lot of out you
Simple Name, Simple Life. Simple Death
gnoo! my gnomes!
you got cock blocked by a bacon pig!
immagrato departo! *nuclear explosion*
giant pyramidal tower of dip n dots!?!?
oh, im racist, give me a minute
im busy tool building rayroaD
hes chewing a zen crystal you dense piece of didnt play half life!
your gonna take a taste of texas all the way to NEW JERSY!?!?
oh no bidas gonna shoot the child
i have a vendetta against like, antiques navigator!
i think godzilla's got a skill issue!
FREE SDM YOUNGBOY AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
salt is not a liquid!
there is literally orange juice, GIVE ME ORANGE JUICE!
your gravity is bullshit
oooooAAAAAAAAWWWW NOOOAAAAWWWW YOU SPILLED ALL THE BEEEAAANNNSSSS
FOX COMMERCE!
HARAMBE TREE!?!?!?1// AWOOGaW! ReddITORr!
france dihareea speedrun any%
stop edging the world border
/tp jay lennno
sAAAAAns! i just snORTed an enTire gAy bAR full of cOCCK! and im stArting to fEEL thE eFFECTS!
im not saying that again. but I am putting it in the quotes channel
mOOOD!? DID YOU JUST SAY MOOOD!?!? IS THAT A MOOD TO FIND A BUNCH OF AMONG US BONERS IN THE TENOR FAVORITES!?!?!?